Kristi is starting to take our meeting notes each week.

# Fall planning
- Library Carpentry pushed into Winter Quarter for new hire DSDS input 
- Kristi will:
 - Add Fall 19 planning to landing page(default git)
 - make a quick flyer for fall
 - Add new library word art to landing page 
 - Planning on doing instructor training during finals week of F19 
  - no undergrad instructors, so it shouldn't interfere with anyone's finals 
  - 7 people at this time.
  - Katja suggests more widely
 - We decided NOT to plan a 4th during-the-quarter workshop.  

# Rest of schedule for summer? 
* move office hours to tues/thurs (probably tuesday) after one of the lessons for people hanging out? Since we're debriefing anyway Some people may not be available at current time in the fall. 
* From now until 9/24, Office hours will be Tuesdays 11-12 if it's ok with the group. 
* Finish lessons week of september 5? Email students for topics for review questions of questions they have
In wrap up discuss environments, pathways, other misc things? 
* Next week is Review, but what do we do the week after that? Sept 10/12 is wrap up
** Have pizza on wrap up week (both days) 
